DEVX-2676: Updating commands to match new CLI (#984)
confluentinc/kafka-tutorials: _includes/shared/markup/ccloud/get-ccloud.adoc

This tutorial has some steps for Kafka topic management and/or reading from or writing to Kafka topics, for which you can use the Confluent Cloud Console or install the Confluent Cloud CLI.

> Instructions for installing Confluent Cloud CLI and configuring it to your Confluent Cloud environment is available from within the Confluent Cloud Console: navigate to your Kafka cluster, click on `Dashboard` from the list on the left, then click the `Set up the CLI` link, and run through the steps in the `Set up CLI` page.

Reviewer: 1. I don't see what you see (Dashboard, Set up CLI, etc) ;) 
2. I think the CLI has been renamed from `Confluent Cloud CLI` to just `Confluent CLI` -- please confirm, but so, then the text should change here and throughout all KT headings (in the harness files)

This tutorial has some steps for Kafka topic management and/or reading from or writing to Kafka topics, for which you can use the Confluent Cloud Console or install the Confluent CLI.
Instructions for installing Confluent CLI and configuring it to your Confluent Cloud environment is available from within the Confluent Cloud Console: navigate to your Kafka cluster, click on the `CLI and tools` link, and run through the steps in the `Confluent CLI` tab.

> NOTE: The CLI clients Confluent Cloud (`ccloud`) and Confluent Platform (`confluent`) have been unifed into a single client Confluent CLI (confluent v2.0).  The `ccloud` client will continue to work until May 9, 2022, but will be sunset after that point.  You can read the migration instructions and details for moving to `confluent` at https://docs.confluent.io/confluent-cli/current/migrate.html .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: The CLI clients for Confluent Cloud (`ccloud`) and Confluent Platform (`confluent` v1.0) have been unified into a single client Confluent CLI `confluent` v2.0.  This tutorial uses the unified Confluent CLI `confluent` v2.0 (`ccloud` client will continue to work until sunset on May 9, 2022, and you can read the migration instructions to the unified `confluent` CLI in the https://docs.confluent.io/confluent-cli/current/migrate.html[documentation]).
```
